Most Atmel/MicroChip MCUs natively support flash programming via the SPI bus, even though many of us only use the Serial Interface provided on many boards.  This preference is encouraged by the Arduino IDE.  But there are advantages to using the native method of flash programming.  A bootloader must have been programmed into the the target MCU which receives upload data via a serial port if it exists, or via a bit-banged serial port if it does not ( ie the ATtiny85 ).  The bootloader occupies about 1/2 KByte of flash and also results in a few seconds of delay at power on or reset.  The "fuses" which control various parameters of the MCU operation cannot be programmed via the bootloader.  Many professionals or production engineers use the SPI bus for programming, normally with a module called variously the USBISP or USBASP.  The Arduino IDE supports the use of a USBISP via the dropdown meni Sketch->Upload Using Programmer..  If one does not have a USBISP at hand, an extra UNO or Nano can easily be adapted to provide this function.  The IDE provides a sketch at Files->Examples->ArduinoISP to implement this function.

All that said, the above discussion does not apply to the LGT8F328, or, at least, only conceptually.  It uses a similar concept called SWD which uses 2 serial lines similar to the SPI bus in half duplex mode.  The SWD and SWC pins are used.  The LFT8F328 also does not use "fuses" which is the reason David's board package can support so many more options like clock frequencies. But there still remains the advantages of freeing up the flash memory used by the bootloader and the wait period after a reset while the bootloader tries to determine if a serial upload is being requested.  As I mentioned previously the factory bootloader ( and that included in David's package ) somehow disables the WatchDog Interrupt.

There is, supposedly, a SWD module similar to a USBISP available from Logic Green Tech, the manufacturer of the LGT MCU.  Unfortuneately details and support seem to only be available in Chinese.  ArduinoShop.ca is working on getting some - hopefully soon.  In the meantime a software solution is now available, very similar to the example ArduinnoISP sketch.  You can download or clone this sketch package at https://github.com/LGTMCU/LarduinoISP. In a further discussion on David's github he explains some other necessary changes to get this working properly..  see https://github.com/dbuezas/lgt8fx/issues/13#issuecomment-656392739
